> **Test plan**: A document describing the scope, approach, resources and schedule of intended
> test activities. It identifies amongst others test items, the features to be tested, the testing tasks,
> who will do each task, degree of tester independence, the test environment, the test design
> techniques and entry and exit criteria to be used, and the rationale for their choice, and any risks
> requiring contingency planning. It is a record of the test planning process. [After IEEE 829]

## Objective

1. Provide reliable feedback about Web UI **before** new version is deployed on prod.
2. Log and **address** any issues found during the testing process.
3. Decide if it is safe to perform prod deploy.

## Scope

Main focus:
​	**Web UI**

The following items are **out of scope**:

- Integration tests
- Functional tests
- Performance tests

## Approach

* Manual checks of Web UI
* Selenium checks of Web UI

## Resources

* Manual testers
* Automation testers

## Schedule

**Must** be performed for every release **before** prod deploy.

**May** be performed also for release candidates deployed on stage.

## Features

[//]: # (AUTOGENERATED BLOCK BEGIN)

### [Feature: Login](../features/Login.feature)

#### [Scenario: Admin is able to login](../features/Login.feature#L3)

#### [Scenario: Tenant Admin is able to log in](../features/Login.feature#L10)

#### [Scenario: Restricted User is able to login](../features/Login.feature#L17)

[//]: # (AUTOGENERATED BLOCK END)


## Tasks

TBD

## Responsibilities

TBD

## Environment

Use stage environment.

## Entry criteria

* Unit test passed
* Unit test coverage >= 70%
* Integration tests passed

## Exit criteria

1. All scenarios described in the document are performed.
2. Tickets are opened for all found issues.

## Risks

* Test data corrupted
* Wrong version of backend is deployed
* Wrong version of frontend is deployed
* TBD